{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Parsons code is apt for studying and comparing the internal structure of songs. Choose a key, encode with *, U=Up, D=Down, R=Repeat, a tone in that key. From this a process can be developed whereby the act of organizing sound provides a model for how people organize around the structure encoded by, the mood, or that song across contexts.\
\
For resources on the tradition of treating music/song as archival texts: \
\
Denys Parsons, 
\f1\i The Directory of Tunes and Musical Themes
\f0\i0 , S. Brown, 1975.
\f1\i \
\

\f0\i0 Henry Louis Gates Jr., 
\f1\i The Signifying Monkey
\f0\i0 , Oxford, 1988. Sections 2.4-2.5.\
\
LeRoi Jones (Amiri Baraka), 
\f1\i Blues People, 
\f0\i0 Grove Press, 1963. \

\f1\i - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Black Music, 
\f0\i0 William Morrow & Co., 1968\
\
See also, https://www.musipedia.org/ \
\
References\
\
James Weldon Johnson, 
\f1\i The Books of the American Negro Spirituals
\f0\i0 , New York: Viking Press, 1925. \
\
Peter Burkimsher, \'93Chord Progressions,\'94 Github, 2017. (https://peterburk.github.io/chordProgressions/index.html)\
\
\
Notes: \
\
James Weldon Johnson (JWJ) songbook was transcribed into Parsons code using MuseScore Parsons Code Exporter 1.0 from .mxml scores in order to maintain consistency. GPT data was produced by a machine trained on the Burkimsher and JWJ datasets. \
\
\'93Songbooks\'94 were generated using deepAI\'92s GPT3. To model improvisation, after training our input was an encoding of the \'93kernel\'94 phrase James Weldon Johnson identified in the introduction to his book as the generative core to music emanating from the Americas after the introduction of slaves and found in the blues. From this core, and modeled by the GPT, we simulated the evolution of blues from spirituals, to jazz, and other genres: Rhythm and Blues, Rock and Roll, etc. This kernel phrase is the following: \
\
*UDRRUDRR or *RRRRRUD\
\
Locations and Playlists of songs played at BLM protests globally can be found here: \
\
https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1ZDxNx3n4GZ7YzG5KdZRyUgvo1FZg10im&ll=9.444785484451593%2C0&z=2\
\
Acknowledgments\
\
I would like to acknowledge both the Johannesburg Institute for Advanced Study and the Institute for Advanced Study at the University of Amsterdam and the Humanities at the University of Edinburgh for their support during the completion of this project. \
\
\
Victor Peterson II \
petersonv [at] gmail.com \
vpii.us/blm\
\
\
\
}